[Music]
in the 27th year of jeroboam king of
Israel Azariah the son of a messiah king
of judah became king he was 16 years old
when he became king and he reigned 52
years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
Jacqueline of Jerusalem and he did what
was right in the sight of the Lord
according to all that his father a
messiah had done except that the high
places were not removed the people still
sacrificed and burned incense on the
high places
then the Lord struck the King so that he
was a leper until the day of his death
so he dwelt in an isolated house and
show them the king's son was over the
royal house judging the people of the
land now the rest of the acts of Azariah
and all that he did are they not written
in the book of the chronicles of the
kings of judah so Azariah rested with
his father's and they buried him with
his father's in the City of David then
Jotham his son reigned in his place in
the 38th year of Azariah king of Judah
Zechariah the son of Jeroboam reigned
over Israel in Samaria six months and he
did evil in the sight of the Lord as his
father's had done he did not depart from
the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat
who had made Israel sin then Shalem the
son of jabish conspired against him and
struck and killed him
in front of the people and he reigned in
his place now the rest of the acts of
Zechariah indeed they are written in the
book of The Chronicles of the kings of
Israel this was the word of the Lord
which he spoke to Gaea
your sons shall sit on the throne of
Israel to the fourth generation and so
it was Shallon the son of jabish became
king in the 39th year of as iron king of
Judah and he reigned a full month in
Samaria for Menahem the son of God I
went out from terza came to Samaria and
struck Shalem the son of jabish in
samaria and killed him and he arraigned
in his place now the rest of the acts of
Shalem and the conspiracy which he led
indeed they are written in the book of
The Chronicles of the kings of Israel
then from Tirzah
Menahem attacked tiff sir all who were
there and its territory because they did
not surrender therefore he attacked
all the women there who will give trial
he ripped open in the 39th year of
Azariah king of Judah
Menahem the Son of God I became king
over Israel and reigned 10 years in
Samaria and he did evil in the sight of
the Lord he did not depart all his days
from the sins of Jeroboam the son of
Nebat who had made Israel's sin pole
king of Assyria came against the land
and Menahem gave pal a thousand talents
of silver that his hand might be with
him to strengthen the kingdom under his
control and Menahem exacting the money
from Israel from all the very wealthy
from each man fifty shekels of silver to
give to the king of Assyria so the king
of Assyria turned back and did not stay
there in the land now the rest of the
acts of Menahem and all that he did are
they not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of Israel so
Menahem rested with his father's then
Pecha hire his son reigned in his place
[Music]
in the 50th year of Azariah king of
Judah Pekka hire the son of Menahem
became king over israel in samaria and
reigned two years
and he did evil in the sight of the law
he did not depart from the sins of
jeroboam the son of nebat
who had made israel then Piku the son of
Ramallah an officer of his conspired
against him and killed him in Samaria in
the Citadel of the king's house along
with a gap and Araya and with him were
fifty men of Gilead he killed him and
reigned in his place now the rest of the
acts of Pecha haya and all that he did
indeed they are written in the book of
The Chronicles of the kings of Israel in
the fifty second year of Azariah king of
judah pika
the son of Ramallah became king over
israel in samaria and reigned twenty
years and he did evil in the sight of
the lord he did not depart from the sins
of jeroboam the son of nebat
who had made israel sin in the days of
pika king of israel tiglath-pileser king
of Assyria came and took AJ Abel death
America Genoa Kadesh Heiser
Gilead and Galilee all the land of
Naphtali and he carried them captive to
Assyria then Oh Shia the son of Allah
led a conspiracy against pika the son of
Ramallah and struck and killed him so he
reigned in his place in the 20th year of
Chosun the son of Isaiah
now the rest of the acts of pica and all
that he did indeed they are written in
the book of The Chronicles of the kings
of Israel in the second year of pika the
son of Ramallah a king of Israel Joe
from the son of Isaiah king of Judah
began to reign he was 25 years old when
he became King and he reigned 16 years
in Jerusalem his mother's name was
Jerusha the daughter of zadok and he did
what was right in the sight of the Lord
he did according to all that his father
as I had done however the high places
were not removed the people still
sacrificed and burned incense on the
high places
he built the upper gate of the house of
the Lord are the rest of the acts of
Jotham and all that he did are they not
written in the book of The Chronicles of
the kings of Judah in those days the
Lord began to send a reason king of
Syria and pika the son of RAM Alya
against Judah so Jotham rested with his
father's and was buried with his fathers
in the City of David his father then a
has his son reigned in his place
you